Let's start working on the sign up page because this will be the first page we need when we're brand
new to this app we already finished the already had a section here with the button and the sign up title.
Now let's work on the content.
And I want to keep this content super simple.
I'll add a form to the content because we obviously need a form to sign up a new user and we'll handle
these foody template driven approach of English.
Of course you can feel free to use the reactive approach if you prefer Adis.
And in this form I'm going to add I a list and then I add items for the individual controls.
So again you learn this an iron label to indicate what you want to use or to enter for example the e-mail
address does is how we will authenticate a user here with fire based And later if you're using a different
back and or a different way of authenticating user you can of course add your controls your information
inputs your besides the label to which I assigned fixed attributes to give it this fixed style.
I also need the input itself which allows the user to add his data to input his data and set this to
type e-mail to all to bring up a special keyboard on a mobile device which helps me with and through
e-mails.
I'll also add and model because I'll use the template driven approach.
And this means we all need to assign a name here.
This is the name by which it will be stored in the Chavis object angle or to stores or creates for us
in the end.
So here I'll give this a name of email and I'll add the required validator.
You could also add a pattern validator to make sure it's a valid email address.
I'll leave this out for now because I really want to focus on the core topic of this section here which
is authentication.
HTP But of course you can improve this.
And this is always a good practice to do if you feel like doing so.
So this is the input for the e-mail address.
Now I'm going to duplicate this I an item to add another input for the password and I'll only add one
password input.
Of course you could again improved as formed by adding a number one to force the user to confirm his
password and adding some validation logic.
But that's all normal angular to code or angle or code.
So therefore here again I'm focusing on the topic at hand which is the integration itself.
This password inport will input will be of type password Alief may mall on it but I'll give it a name
of password because it is what old store.
And I'm going to add one extra validator does mean Langguth directive.
Angular ships with which allows me to validate the length of the password firebase will actually require
a password to be at least six characters long.
So therefore I will enter the sixth year and again adjustors to the needs of your specific back and
or your specific application.
Now with DST two inputs are in place the missing piece of course is a button which allows me to submit
this.
So I'll add a new button here.
Place I an button on it make it a block button to have it span over the full width and I'll make it
of type submit.
So that actually submits the form of say sign up on the button here.
And I want to disable the button if the form is not valid.
For this however I need to get a reference to the form.
We learned how to do this.
I'll go to my foreign element at this f local reference on it referencing Engy form to again get a reference
to the form angular created for me.
And then I can use to stound a year in the disable property binding to say disable it if the form is
not valid.
So this sets up the form missing piece of course and you submit to make it something biddable.
And here are simply call on sign up and I'll pass the form as an argument.
So with this I can now go to the typescript file to the component itself remove as component X does
comment and all the boilerplate.
I don't need as of now.
And instead at the on sign up method where I'll get my form of type Engy form as an argument.
Make sure to import Engy form from angular forms.
This type I'm assigning here and then for now I can simply lock the form value to see that this worked.
Now let me say for us and let's see if the sign up process process works as it should.
If you sign up page here we see the form.
Now let's enter the e-mail address here and then a password which is at least six characters long.
If I had sign up we see an object with email and password.
So it looks pretty good to me.
Now you also see my secret password here.
With that out of the way the next step is to do the same for the sign in page.
And as it's pretty similar to the sign up page this staff that is a challenge you should try solving
yourself.
Let's do it together in the next lecture